I've converted DSLR camera into monochrome one (removed bayer pattern RGBR patter from sensor), also removed IR-cut filter. So camera sees UV, IR & visible light in monochrome.
But its software knows nothign about that, so to have a correct images I must process them by my program tif_mp.c to produce monochrome image.
So this is basically a RAW processing algorithm that is skipping demosaic (producing color from 2x2 RGBR pixels and interpolating value).
This read RAW in multiple threads (each thread processes its own line using one CPU), extracts data from RAW, applies gamma curve and saves as TIFF.
Compilation on Unix-like system (macOS, FreeBSD, Linux works, when TIFF library is present):
cc -pthread -Wall -ansi -pedantic -O3 -I/usr/local/include -L/usr/local/lib -o tdf_mp tdf_mp.c -ltiff -lm

2006-2011: PowerBuilder, C++, Oracle, Sybase, Informix
2011-2012: Polar expedition, shell scripts, C
2012-2013: LAMP (Apache, Linux, PHP, Mysql, Javascript, AJAX)
2013-2014: PowerBuilder, Sybase ASA, stored procedures, 
2014-2015: LAMP (one project), Python + ODOO (2nd project)
2015-2017: Ruby on Rails (senior developer), rspec, cucumber, JavaScript

Hi, I'm interesed in working for You.
I got this offer from: 
I'm currently working as senior rails developer at Spreemo (since 2015).
We successfully developed and deployed health care web application and my contract ends in 30 days.
I have a big experience with newest rails and also test frameworks like cucumber, rspec, AWS (Amazon Web Services - used a lot in our code).
We've been using waffle.io as task organizer, and countinuous integration circleCI.
Our repo is a provate github repository.
Our app have >95% test coverage including model specs, controller specs, rspec and cucumber feature tests, headless chromedriver to test scenarios etc etc.
I'm also familiar with many other programming languages as well as SQL databases: mysql, PostrgreSQL, Oracle etc.
We've been workign using daily scrums.

I can only work remotely from Poland, starting even from tomorrow.
I'm attaching my resume.

Best Regards.
